[Music]
this is madness let's carne asada check
it out Wow chef big dog up all night
cooking shut up and taste this some a
mousse douche come here guy look at them
like it yeah we're gonna cook like this
we're being reviewed by the most
important critic in the city now
suddenly you're gonna be an artist
we'll be an artist on your own time it's
my restaurant the kitchen is my domain
that was our deal
the deal is out change to either you
stay or you go do you threaten to fire
me now
no I'm telling what I'm prepared to do
if you don't cook my menu his dramatic
weight gain can only be explained by the
fact that he must be eating all the food
sent back to the kitchen but they wrote
about you I don't like it either who
cares I do cuz I could have done better
I should have cooked food that I was
gonna cook there are chefs that cook
food that they believe in and people
will try because they're open to a new
experience and in the polite Kingdom
what are you doing what are you writing
chef dough that's not a good as it is
listen I won't send it until we all say
it's okay why don't you come by again
tonight I got a whole new menu just for
you no no I'm good out there now
so happens why did you do it take that
back
did you post anything since last night
you go to the why you realize how many
people have read this the trending bow
you're never going to be happy cooking
for someone else food trucks are great I
do we're talking about a white on white
88 Chevy Grumman food truck supplied
canvas for your dreams I'm gonna pour it
around thank you
don't thank me too you see what are you
gonna do you're gonna laugh Tony cause
got a taco truck for real that was so
just when I heard your voice I was like
that's what I want to do
[Music]
Galia
I get to touch people's lives with what
I do and I love it and I want to share
this with you are you doing a little
cornstarch on my huevos man it's too
humid down here yeah it's pretty cool
searching these days awesome it's like
baby powder it's nice right nice
[Music]